I'm joining Drakken Joe from here on out.
[grunts]
[Shiki] I trusted you…
-Now, open fire!
-[whooshing]
[Shiki] If I dodge it,
they'll hit the townspeople!
-[gasps]
-[slashing]
[somber music playing]
[gasps]
[Shiki] Homura…
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
GREAT KAIJU SHIKI
Huh?
But, how?
Hey, what's going on here?
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
Wait, there's two Homuras?
Except, this one looks like the real one.
When I arrived on this planet,
I spawned inside a prison,
for some reason.
It took me an entire day to escape,
and another day to gather
enough information before getting here.
And what do I find waiting for me?
Some scoundrel posing as me,
deceiving my friends!
[grunts]
Oh, by the way, I would rather
swallow glass than take on a man's form.
Actually, it might be nice
having a flat chest.
With muscles, right?
Dang it!
I said it all out loud again, didn't I?
-That does sound nice.
-It is.
But still, the fake one
knew too much about us.
Could it be we have
all met before in the real world?
Hey, copycat! Who are you?
[tense music continues]
And to think I was so close.
If I hear one more word, I'll puke!
That's enough waiting around!
-I want blood!
-[roars]
[grunts]
[clang]
-What the hell?!
-Aren't those his allies?!
[Jamilov] I despise dealing
with tedious things like this.
Well, that's it now. I'm bored.
Time to die, insects!
[clang]
-[crazed laugh]
-[blast]
-[grunts]
-[crowd screaming]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[rumbling]
[crazed laugh]
[yells]
[explosions]
-He has lasers?!
-Just how many tricks does this guy have?!
[gasps]
I'll pursue the copycat!
I want to know who they really are!
Fine. Then leave Jamilov…
-to me!
-[thud]
[thud]
[chuckles]
Oh?
[dramatic music builds]
Hmm?
He's not hurt at all?
He's definitely a hacker.
You think so?
Well, he's able to attack NPCs
and also control monsters.
The only reason he's so strong
is from buffing his stats.
He's illegally modifying
the planet's data for his own benefit.
Just like a hacker would!
-[yells]
-Shit!
How are we supposed
to beat someone who's hacking?
-Bam!
-[grunts]
Are you all stupid?
-What?
-Huh?
The choice is obvious.
We become hackers.
[jaunty music playing]
Summon a horse from my inventory!
[blast]
Bao!
That creature spawned from thin air.
I suppose I'll just have
to do the same thing.
[blast]
Wao!
What is the point
of your odd riding technique?
Oh, right. I don't have to continue
pretending to be you any longer.
Are you kidding me?!
You seriously think I ride like that?!
Reveal yourself at once!
You see, I can copy a person's
appearance, personality, and memories.
You were nothing but a means to an end
for me to get closer to Jamilov.
However, it's obvious
I've failed my mission.
[voice distorts] I suppose
I'll be making my exit now.
[jaunty music continues]
My name's Amira,
and I'm a member of the GIA,
the Galactic Intelligence Agency.
A spy who just revealed
their identity to me.
I see you're as careless as I am, Amira!
Oh, crap! I didn't deactivate
her unfiltered inner monologue!
[Homura] The GIA. A government spy.
[Amira sighs] Well, you're no fun.
[Homura] Why are you after the scythe man?
-[Tantimo] ] Wao!
-[Amira] Jamilov is merely a lead.
My real target just so happens to be
the man that he takes orders from.
Drakken Joe, terror of the Sakura Cosmos.
[gasps]
To think I was this close
to infiltrating his operation.
I'll just have to find
some other way, I suppose.
Is there a reason you needed
to pretend to be me for that?
I wouldn't be much of a spy
if I didn't have some kind
of disguise for myself now, would I?
-[Tantimo] Wao!
-[Amira] It didn't have to be you.
I just went after the newest account
with the lowest account security.
I had just logged in!
Although I have to admit, I never expected
someone like you to know Jesse.
-[Homura] Jesse?
-[Amira] Sorry, forget I mentioned it.
Actually,
since you know my true identity now,
I have no choice but to eliminate you.
[grunts]
[Amira] It's your fault, really.
Had you just stayed in jail,
then I wouldn't have had to do this.
No hard feelings, girlie.
[clang]
-[gunshot]
-[clang]
[giggles]
[clanging]
[gunshots]
Guns won't affect me.
[giggles]
-[gunshots]
-[crack]
[thud]
[screams]
-[groans]
-[grunts]
[laughs]
Bye, now!
Now that I've faked her out,
I'll go into Sniper Mode.
[intense music plays]
[Amira] Thanks for playing!
Bye-bye!
[blast]
[loud clang]
[grunts]
There's no way!
How did she deflect that shot?!
That's not humanly possible!
She vanished!
How cowardly.
[whirring]
[sighs]
That was too close for comfort.
Had I logged out any later, I'd be dead.
However,
there's no need to worry,
because no one will ever catch me.
[explosions]
[grunts]
Hmm.
[giggles]
[Rebecca] Hack the game?
It's the only option
we have left to beat him.
If he's cheating,
then we have to cheat, too.
-But--
-Count me in!
I like your thinking!
No way! I've done Let's Plays
and I know the repercussions!
Hacking is the lowest of the low!
You'll be harassed
'til you uninstall the game!
But you are not streaming currently
and there are no other players here.
That's not the point!
You have to understand that for gamers,
just hearing the word "hacking" is more
than enough to make us wanna vomit!
[Weisz] Then I'll cast the first stone.
[chuckles]
-It's my time to shine.
-[Rebecca] What are you doing?!
Wait a second,
are you actually going to cheat?
Sure am.
I'm not some beta male gamer boy.
If that jerk is cheating in a death game,
give me one good reason why I shouldn't.
Ah…
I guess this isn't your ordinary game.
Even so, if we hack,
we're just gonna get banned.
Yeah, yeah. Cry me a river.
This planet sucks, anyway.
[energy blaring]
Right, analyzing code!
It's go time.
-[yells]
-Whoo!
[Jamilov] Don't tell me that's
all you've got, ya little twerp!
[grunts]
[crackling]
-Magimech Attack…
-[blast]
Gravity Fist!
[scraping]
[grunts]
I've already rewritten the game's code.
I'm practically a God in this world!
[crazed laugh]
Can you even die?
That's it!
He's gotta be using
an infinite health hack!
Then that means…
[Pino] Mister Weisz, can you start
with disabling his invincibility?
What do you think I'm trying to do?
This kind of code
is beyond my capabilities.
Damn it!
Let me guess.
You aren't familiar with programming.
[groans] I just use my intuition
to operate my Ether Gear!
It worked out before,
and it's gonna work again!
No, it won't.
What'd you say?!
Don't worry.
-[yells]
-[grunts]
[Hermit] I don't like that scythe guy.
I want him out of here as much as you do,
-so I'll help you.
-[gasps]
However, I'll be executing the hack
through your account, not mine.
[intense music plays]
In other words, only your account
will be permanently banned.
Sweet! That's fine by me.
-Work your magic.
-You're able to hack through someone else?
[Hermit] That scythe guy
is hacking using the same method,
which is why he's been able
to avoid getting banned until now.
Every time he hacks the program,
another player is banned in his place.
How vile.
There is no better weapon
than a hacked program
on a planet built upon data.
Allow me to demonstrate for you.
I'll start by disabling his invincibility.
[grins]
[grunts]
[Hermit] Then I'll go ahead
and buff Shiki's stats a little bit.
Heh! Huh?
Huh?
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
[Hermit] Monstrify!
The heck?
[gasping]
It's actually quite humorous
you thought you could beat me at coding.
[groans]
[grunts]
[scared cries]
-[gasping]
-[Shiki] Whoa!
Being a monster is awesome!
The power's coursing through my veins!
You little brat!
I won't tolerate this nonsense!
You should be on your knees
begging for your pitiful life!
No one can defy me. I'm God!
Now return to being an insect!
De-monstrification!
What the…?!
He's back to his old self!
Only a professional hacker
could re-program on the spot that quickly.
[Pino] Master, please transform back!
Oops! I'm not sure
how I did it the first time.
I'm gonna kill you!
-Nice try.
-[yells]
[clang]
[Hermit]
Equipping Armor of Light to Shiki.
[grunts] Cancel!
Huh?
-[Hermit] Equipping Demon Armor.
-Huh?
Cancel!
[gasps]
-Now Emperor Armor.
-Huh?
I said, "Cancel!"
-Try this.
-Hmm?
-Cancel, damn it!
-[Hermit] Crystal Armor.
-Eh?
-[Jamilov] Cancel!
-Whoa!
And I'll cancel that girl's armor
while I'm at it!
What?
-[Hermit] Choosing to ignore that.
-Give me some armor or something!
You're messing with the wrong guy.
I'm the God of this planet!
I'm not gonna let some girl
take that from me
and I'm gonna make sure you suffer!
[Jamilov] Prepare to be obliterated!
You leave me no choice. [chuckles]
Time to activate the final code!
[beep]
-[rumbling]
-What is that?
[crackling noise]
It's the buildings!
-Yeah, the ground, too!
-[gasps]
Everyone, look there!
[scared mumbling]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
-Mommy, I'm scared!
-[gasps]
What's happening?
The NPCs are vanishing! [gasps]
[Rebecca] The monsters too!
[giggles]
This whole damn city
will soon be eradicated.
Yes, yes, return to the void!
Someone help me!  I don't wanna die!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Bastard!
Hermit, cancel it! Hurry!
-I can't.
-What?
That code he just used,
is a self-destruction program.
Once everything has been set into motion,
there's no means
of overwriting or canceling it.
[Hermit] Not by me or him.
No way…
-[Shiki grunts]
-It's over, you little parasite!
[grunts]
[Shiki yells]
In three minutes,
this place will be destroyed!
[crazed laugh]
[screaming]
[grunts, yells]
[Jamilov] Yee-ha!
[grunts]
[cries]
This city and NPCs in it are just data.
It doesn't matter if they're deleted.
They're alive, damn it!
[gasps]
[Shiki] And that means they have
hearts and minds as real as ours!
[gasps softly]
[gasps]
[Shiki] I'm not about to give up.
Three minutes is plenty of time!
I'll just have to take you down!
[grunts]
[crazed laugh]
[thud]
Even if you cancel out
my invincibility hack,
every one of my stats
are gonna be maxed out!
Like I care!
My friends believe in me!
So I'm not gonna lose!
[groans]
[attack yell]
[loud thud]
[gargled groan]
[Jamilov] That's impossible.
How are his attacks hurting me?
What you said might be true.
You do have the strongest stats
of anyone on Digitalis.
But don't forget now,
players can also use the abilities
they possess from the real world.
[shocked gasp´]
[Hermit] If I'm not mistaken,
the strongest defensive value
on this planet would be 999.
[Hermit] Unfortunately for you,
Shiki's attack value in the real world
would be equivalent to around
2,500 on this planet.
Let's break that down.
If we convert that
to Digitalis' damage table,
you're talking about 4,500 damage
for every hit you take.
[Hermit] So even if your health
is theoretically 100,000…
[grunts]
[pants, gasps]
[attack yell]
[thud]
[pained groan]
…approximately 22 hits
will whittle your health to zero.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
Magimech Attack…
Gravity Fist Frenzy!
[grunts in pain]
[grunts]
-[thud]
-[grunts]
[screams]
[bell ringing]
[thud]
[pained gurgling]
-[gasps]
-[chuckles]
[giggles]
[Rebecca] The city is returning to normal!
-[NPC 1] I feel like I can move again!
-[NPC 2] We've been saved!
That's weird. What happened?
I was able to repair the broken code
after Jamilov logged off the servers.
Apparently he had escaped before dying.
I see.
-Mister!
-Huh?
-[crying] I was so worried!
-Thanks so much for saving us!
[Shiki] I'm so glad you're okay!
We were able to find Hermit
and save the village.
-Yup!
-Oh…
-[Weisz] Hey, Hermit.
-Hmm?
I don't know what you've been through,
but not all humans
are as bad as you think.
To be honest--
Professor Weisz has just been terminated.
[Hermit] Oh.
Like I said before,
I used the hack through his account,
so he was perma-banned even though
I did all of the re-programming.
[stifling laughter]
Too bad, seemed like he was actually
gonna say something cool for once.
You see his face?
[all laughing]
Hey, that kimono
you're wearing is splendid.
Some hideous monster
is trying to seduce me,
but I'm going to choose to ignore it.
[Shiki] Hermit.
Let's go home.
[gentle music playing]
[Shiki] Back to the Edens Zero!
There are no words to express
my gratitude for your loyal service,
but now you are all free to live
your own lives however you please.
I hereby relinquish your duties
as the Four Shining Stars
of the Demon King.
Now go forth and live freely.
Live freely?
I don't think I ever considered
a life outside of here.
[chuckles]
What if I don't want freedom?
Can I just go back to Granbell with you?
Of course.
You're free now,
so if that is your choice, then so be it.
However, you and I both know
that's not what you truly want.
Is it?
What I want…
is to do something to help humans.
Maybe I'll even be able
to make human friends as well!
[gasps]
You really had us
worried there for a minute.
Mos-mos-mos-mos-moscoy!
[Sister] Yo, long time no see, Hermit.
I'm not sticking
around here for very long.
Just taking a much needed break
after that long dive session.
-Eh, ah…
-[body thuds]
I was just about to say
that your body looks out of shape.
Let me take a look at you.
I assure you I don't need help.
However,
I don't know if I can say the same
for the humans who came looking for me.
Uh, where are you going?
After I have some maintenance done,
I'm going back to Digitalis.
[whirring]
If it's not too much trouble,
I'd like you to return my body
to Iron Hill.
[gasps softly]
Moscoy…
I guess they couldn't bring
her heart back with them after all.
[grunts]
Yeah, we beat digitalis!
Yeah!
Is anybody else sweating up a storm?
Why is this suit so stuffy?
Don't turn around and stare
at her body drenched in sweat,
that would make things really weird.
Hey Professor, still poutin' over there?
I was gonna say something cool.
And I'm not a professor.
And I am a robot… once again.
I will miss being human.
[Weisz] She shouldn't have cut me off!
Wow, look at all your sweat!
-Quit looking at it!
-Stay right where you are, Shiki!
I know you were able to get her back,
but it didn't seem
like her heart came along with her.
As we speak, she's holed up
in the Dress Factory by herself.
What's she doing there?
Looking for a different outfit?
[Weisz]
There'd be no point in her doing that.
She's way too somber
to look cute in anything.
In the past,
Hermit would be smiling all the time.
I don't know what happened,
but I miss her bright smile.
Hmm.
Well, what are we doing?
Let's just go ask her what happened.
This should only take a second!
Hey, come back!
[Shiki] Not until Hermit says
she's gonna be my friend!
[alarm blaring]
Huh?
This is--
A chronophage?!
No, this alarm is different!
-[gasps]
-[all scream]
M-M-M-M-Moscoy!
What's going on?!
[crazed laughter]
[grunts]
I'd know that maniacal laugh anywhere.
It can't be.
[grunts]
It is I, Master Spider, the genius hacker!
Who?
You might remember me
as Jamilov the Killer, back on Digitalis.
[chuckles]
The scythe guy!
He's uglier than his nasty-ass avatar!
I mean, it is an online game.
Wait a second!
Are you the same Spider who earned
ten billion glees from hacking?
It is I, Master Spider,
the genius hacker of the Sakura Cosmos!
You're friends with him, Rebecca?
Of course not! He's just super famous.
I'm pretty sure he's a member
of some criminal syndicate.
He's also one of the top five hackers
in the Sakura Cosmos.
That's where you're wrong, little girl!
I'm the best hacker in the universe!
I assure you that nobody
holds a candle to me!
And I'll prove it,
by hacking your ship's crappy security.
Seriously, I've never hacked
someone's system this easily.
It was you?! You were the one
who was trying to hack the Edens Zero?
And would you look at that!
Your ship is now under my control.
[gasps]
[rumbling]
-[all screaming]
-[Mosco] Moscoy!
[grunts]
[all groaning]
[crazed laugh]
[crazed laughter continues]
["" by Sayuri playing]
FIREWORKS